Welcome and this week you're going to
learn about supervised machine learning
and specifically you're going to
learn about logistic regression.
In order for you to implement logistic
regression, you need to take a few steps.
In this video you will learn
about the steps required
in order to implement this algorithm,
so let's take a look.
In supervised machine learning you have
input features X and a set of labels Y.
Now to make sure you're getting the most
accurate predictions based on your data,
your goal is to minimize your error
rates or cost as much as possible.
And to do this, you're going to run
your prediction function which takes in
parameters data to map your
features to output labels Y hat.
Now the best mapping from features to
labels is achieved when the difference
between the expected values Y and
the predicted values Y hat is minimized.
Which the cost function does by
comparing how closely your output Y hat
is to your label Y.
Then you can update your parameters and
repeat the whole process
until your cost is minimized.
So let's take a look at the supervised
machine learning classification task
of sentiment analysis.
In this example you have the tweet, let's
say, I'm happy because I'm learning NLP.
And the objective in this task is to
predict whether a tweeta has a positive or
a negative sentiment.
And you'll do this by
starting with a training set
where tweets with a positive
sentiment have a label of one, and
the tweets with a negative
sentiment have a label of zero.
For this task you will be using
your logistic regression classifier
which assigns its observations
to two distinct classes.
Next up I'll show you how to do this.
So to get started building
a logistic regression classifier
that's capable of predicting
sentiments of an arbitrary tweet.
You will first process the raw
tweets in your training sets and
extract useful features.
Then you will train your
logistic regression classifier
while minimizing the cost.
And finally you'll be able
to make your predictions.
So in this video you learned
about the steps required for
you to classify a tweet.
Given the tweet, you should classify
it to either be positive or negative.
In order for you to do so,
you first have to extract the features.
Then you have to train your model.
And then you have to classify the tweet
based off your trained model.
In the next video, you're going to
learn how to extract these features.
So let's take a look at
how you can do that.